The sensehat data is saved in the data base. Python reads the data from the database formats it into date, 
temperature and humidity and represents the changes in the temperature and humidity by days.
The data is collected for 5 days at the same time of the day to ensure the surrounding impacts on the data
 remains minimal. 
The time for data collection was set to be 5 to 6 pm. 
Python visualization libraries are explored to see which library fits the most representing numerical data.
 A multi-criteria assessment was done to select the best libraries to represent the data. 
Criteria’s considered on selection of the visualization libraries are: 
•	Easiness of reading the data
•	Type and Frequency of data
•	Amount of data
•	Number of attributes in the data etc.

Based on the criteria’s it is found that the Matplotlib library and seaborn library will be the best of to visualize 
the numeric type data with line and connected scatter plot.
Matplotlib library contains subplotting mechanism which helps representing multiple plots on the same picture 
thus visualizing humidity and temperature variations per day would be easier though this visualization technique.
On the other hand seaborn is used to represent the temperature and humidity relation using connected scatter line
plot which shows how the changes occur on each day in relation with humidity and temperature. Using matplotlib it is
also helpful to save the graph using particular format as well. 

1.	Matplotlib: Matplotlib is a 2-D plotting visualizing library. It emulates matlab like graphs and visualizations.
 Matplot library has robust plotting capacity. It is really good at representing data directly from database or csv files. 
It can represent different plots on the same figure using subplotting mechanism which is really helpful to present robust 
information in one picture. However it is only possible to represent 6 subplots in a figure using this library.
2.	Seaborn Library: Seaborn is a statistical data visualization library. Although it stands on top of matplot 
library but it is good at representing statistical graphics in python. It is a dataset oriented api good at presenting 
relationships between multiple variables.

